Moving docs from beta to v1.0 for Terms of Use API's (#11642)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/agreement-post-agreements.md

localization_priority: Normal
doc_type: apiPageType
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
author: "raprakasMSFT"
---

# Create agreement

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Create a new [agreement](../resources/agreement.md) object.
## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Agreement.ReadWrite.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
|Application                            | Not supported. |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /identityGovernance/termsOfUse/agreements
```
## Request headers
| Name         | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
| Authorization | string | Bearer \{token\}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [agreement](../resources/agreement.md) object.

> The following table shows the properties that are required when you create a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the properties that are required when you create an agreement.
```

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|displayName|String|Display name of the agreement.|
|isViewingBeforeAcceptanceRequired|Boolean|Indicates whether the user has to expand and view the agreement before accepting.|

> |files/fileName|String|Name of the agreement file (for example, TOU.pdf).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|fileName|String|Name of the agreement file (for example, TOU.pdf).|
```

Reviewer: Please just list the property name.

> |files/isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether this is the default agreement file if none of the culture matches the client preference. If none of the file is marked as default, the first one will be treated as default.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isDefault|Boolean|Indicates whether this is the default agreement file if none of the culture matches the client preference. If none of the file is marked as default, the first one will be treated as default.|
```

Author: isDefault is not part of the agreement object. It is under files. That's why I had property name like this.

> |files/language|String|Culture of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|files/language|String|The language of the agreement file in the format languagecode2-country/regioncode2. languagecode2 is a lowercase two-letter code derived from ISO 639-1. country/regioncode2 is derived from ISO 3166 and usually consists of two uppercase letters, or a BCP-47 language tag (for example, en-US).|
```

> |files/fileData/data|Binary|Data representing the terms of use the PDF document.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|data|Binary|Data representing the terms of use the PDF document.|
```

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `201, Created` response code and [agreement](../resources/agreement.md) object in the response body.

## Example

> ##### Request

Reviewer: Should be an H3 not an H5.

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [agreement](../resources/agreement.md) object.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_agreement_from_agreements"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/identityGovernance/termsOfUse/agreements
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "MSGraph Sample",
  "isViewingBeforeAcceptanceRequired": true,
  "files": [
    {
      "fileName": "TOU.pdf",
      "language": "en",
      "isDefault": true,
      "fileData": {
        "data": "SGVsbG8gd29ybGQ="
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

##### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.agreement"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-type: application/json

{
  "displayName": "MSGraph Sample",
  "isViewingBeforeAcceptanceRequired": true,

>   "id": "id-value"

Reviewer: Examples should have real looking values.
